[DOCFIX] Add limitation for S3 API Doc (#14534)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/api/S3-API.md

{% endfor %}
</table>

### Limitation

> In Alluxio, we use / as reserved separator, so don't create the S3 directory with /, like
> s3://example-bucket//.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Alluxio, we use `/` as a reserved separator. Therefore any S3 directory with an object named `/` (eg: `s3://example-bucket//`) will conflict and behave incorrectly.
```
